Ari Shaffir we have here the sober
October yeah a lot of smoke cigars yeah
well I don't smoke cigars
let's fucking bend the rules a little I
have to read in my trunk I have two
right here oh yeah yeah
these are good I was smoking cigars with
BER on the show people gonna be mad at
us
tobacco you're using tobacco products
you're totally cheating well it can suck
my cheese hmm
they can or it can they can suck my
cheese they're fucking stupid rules
already hard enough okay do you remember
one time you weren't you weren't
masturbating for a month yeah with that
yeah and all those people like you have
you having sex don't do is sex
I feel like do it I'm not playing your
game I'm doing a thing for myself doing
my game yeah hey what's rules I start
working out Oh will you do it I'll just
bench
y'all dude you gotta do legs they're not
doing anything can you give me two times
yeah well I so isn't that the problem
Joe with just with um though with just
interacting with people online there's
always gonna be someone who's upset you
yeah matter you yeah for trying for
anything you'd rather I don't try
anything no matter what you're doing to
someone pissed yeah it's such a crazy
place the internet it's so crazy and
that's where we make our home that's
what's really great it really is nuts
it's just in that light phone now no it
hasn't come yet it's coming at the end
of October oh oh I'm trying a regular
phone this month a regular phone yeah so
I got a new number spark that oh yeah
yeah like a real cell phone like a smart
phone no I got a new number and did a
regular flip phone okay but the old
number I'm keeping it on on a smart
phone I'm seeing if I can handle it for
a month I don't know signs are not great
already it's the fucking being alone and
just kind of flipping through well
watching Walking Dead and then flipping
for like double screens my daughter has
a phone now but she has a little thing
my young my middle daughter not like the
older one but um where she has a screen
limitation where she can only use the
screen could you turn it off can she
yeah it's not just one alarm no she
doesn't get to we do it so
got an hour and then what happens after
the hour stops working what stops
working
everything except phone calls you can
get phone calls in an hour of total use
hmm
see I need that but I can't find
anything like that so how does she not
be able turn off because you have the
passwords for it yeah oh sorry just
don't give yourself the chance to do the
passwords what do you mean just just put
it on an hour when the hours on over
just accept it in your head that's not
gonna happen
that's crazy talk Jamie it's his plate
oh that's crazy talk doesn't work I know
an hour what the time limit is as soon
as you see like your time's up there you
go oh well let me finish sending this
one thing I'm hoping that Bert and Tom
both say that we cheated already we're
good dude the first year everybody
dinner somebody said Kent bucho they
were like but you are cheated oh that
guys do tell me right now if is cheating
cuz I'm done yeah that's cool I'm out
one of the great things about our
contest is there's no real ramifications
other than talking shit you know like
Bert came in last but what happened to
him what happened to him nothing nothing
he just talked we just suck it all I do
is talk shit and then dealt with no
repercussions
we all knew that we couldn't lose to
Bert that was those a massive motivating
factor for everyone including Tom and
when Tom came back and he ran 13th fuck
he was done on injury he was done he's
sick he got really sick yeah yeah he
came back and the day back he ran 13
fucking miles to try that I catch up and
he did catch up this half seven passing
belt this year now the belt stays well I
feel like that there's no belt because
it's not a competition this year this is
the problem the prim we're gonna explain
this folks on the sober October podcast
which is right after this but the
problem is we none of us have the time
for the competition I can't go crazy why
what's different from this year to last
year
I'm too busy is questioned yes is your
schedule not exactly the same as it was
last year more podcast for sure are you
doing more podcast yeah more podcast
and other various activities outside of
the podcast and then the heat that I
took from my family like my kids didn't
see me for a month yeah that's why I
thought I had some sort of chance
because hats we hope but I forgot that
you guys also have gyms in your home
yeah I have a full gym I had that
24-hour gym I would go to yeah on the
way home from sell that's where I got
some nice points yeah that's a good move
well you when you first figured out that
you could just watch a movie in that
that distracts you enough to do cardio
and you can get some cucumbers okay oh
that's pretty smart because that does
distract the shit out of you it makes it
way easier yeah I would just post my
workout would just be the movie that I
watched dude I'm already high from the
cigar yeah right I feel like we're out
I'm just hoping Tom and Burt come in
together
first place let's have a dance-off for
first place dance-off when he was
talking dance-off I was like he's just
gonna take his pants off I know what
he's gonna do and then he did that video
and that's exactly it fucking first two
years in her comedy when he was said he
was terrible he would do the pants off
thing good million out some persons
doing now 28 years in a comedy should
stop but people get mad fees if he
doesn't take a shirt off I know it's
he's a trap I would be mad too if I went
to see Bert Kreischer his final time
doing stand-up in my city what smell Ben
is loud it sounds like there's a fucking
tornado in here does it I can hear it
through the headphones is it because
we're talking cigars oh yeah I know damn
I got a head rush off the cigar that's
what I'm saying we're high dude we're
cheating we're fucking for sure cheating
I know what I'm gonna do dude this whole
fucking the Yankees are going all the
way I'm gonna have to put your Yankee
games we're out take a drug test right
now like elevated levels of nicotine we
should be doing so bombed
we really should be going for it the
other way talk to those guys into it
let's just switch it up you guys some
whisky meals really go hard um
mushrooms every other day yeah imagine
what kind of a person you'd be at the
end of month you did mushrooms every
other day can I tell you a story
sure so I went to a music festival and
there was this guy who had a lot of my
camp had never done any mushrooms and
this guy did mushrooms for four straight
days four straight days he the second
day he was like we do mushrooms again
I'm like they're not gonna work you
really have to twice as much and just
kept going third day kept going just
munching mushrooms for day it didn't
touch his phone at all didn't touch it
he had like four percent battery the
whole time was off and then he turned it
on and he's texted and he had to tell
work he wasn't gonna come in the Monday
you know he'll work from home they gave
him some shit he just looked at his
phone after being on shrooms for four
days he looked at his phone you just see
it rushed into his head like this thing
brings me such fucking misery and I had
such a good time without it and you
could just see all that set on his head
he just goes fucking launches it well he
just chucked his fucking iPhone as far
as he could Wow yeah it was such a great
moment you can't do mushrooms do many
days in a row you get fucked up yeah
what did he did he sober up after that
and then no his phone his other friend
went and got it and like held it and
pointed out like no I'm holding this for
you it wasn't broken no it didn't break
are we guys that was a dirt he threw it
on it was on a dirt slash rock path yeah
could easily hit a rock yeah easily
oh you have a case on it I don't know no
no I think what the point is that he
threw it the new ones are supposed to be
way more resistant to drop it I love how
the as soon as that came out though I
owe and if your job of more than a foot
away it's gonna break this brand-new
design the iPhone doesn't end it is a
weird thing right we're guarantee you're
gonna drop it t if you drop it it's
gonna break like I had Neil deGrasse
Tyson on recently and he's always got no
case on his phone that's the thing he
marvels about there's a design that's
amazing design and what you do is you
get Jamie rocks no case because of neil
degrasse tyson's people copy gotta
listen to her
why would he say but anyway he came back
and his fucking phone was broken really
had dropped it cuz he pulled his pants
off like or his jacket off or something
like that and was in the pocket of his
jacket and it fell to the floor when he
like pulled his jacket off a car yeah he
didn't he didn't account for the
certificate force of his pants coming
down on the outs of torque yes of all
that you didn't duck out so he has this
starry night van Gogh painting it's
better a thing on his back the back of
his phone and little bits of glass we're
coming off it and realized that it was
cracked like huh so smart that you don't
have a case but it is weird that there
we have this super expensive thing that
everybody carries around with them that
if you do drop it it will get fucked up
yeah
what me what just had a new fold phone
that cost like $2,000 years ago use a
pen or you can't use your fingernail or
anything it'll scratch Oh what that's
crazy how does the galaxy fold yeah yeah
if you use a pen like you can't use like
that S Pen you can't barely no not even
a fingernail how do you use it so softly
just fingertip like it's none it's not
doors not ready that's the second design
this is second iteration of it in the
first iteration like immediately started
breaking as soon as all the those you
know those influencers those YouTube
guys like unbox therapy and MK HD mkbhd
wanna take the be up mkbhd is that right
you got it a lot of letters marques
Brownlee anyway he's Oslo these guys
these YouTube guys make these videos
explaining all the details technical
details these phones they got them early
and they all broke everyone's bra so
they had to send it back and they did a
revision of it was supposed to come out
in April and now it just came out here
in October and a couple people haven't
broken already
it's 2 grand you know it's so expensive
for a phone the new iPhone does maybe
1200 bucks I think I'm not buying it
either I don't like the fold I don't
like the whole idea but it looks nice
but you have a tablet on you as the
point right every moment you have a full
tablet you can really try it but it's
not that much bigger than like a Galaxy
Note but this is really big for YouTube
videos
Netflix video
on the go that light phone I'm excited
about the light - you download uper on
it and stuff like that you know a couple
apps there's yeah there's a ride-sharing
app I don't know which one I guess
probably over right there's a some maps
aft but like this that's pretty good
look how this works oh well protected
this is the Scotty's case it's a special
case and as like a little salt and
little thing on the line this is my note
so I have a note now and I have an
iPhone but the note the s-pen is pretty
fucking sweet I'm not gonna lie
there's a lot a lot of sweetness to it
yes but you do write on it mm-hmm yeah
write notes on it but the the thing
about this thing that's very impressive
there's a lot of things the size the
fact that when you have it open it has
an imprint in in in screen fingerprint
reader but there's no bezels what's a
bezel there's no outer rim on the
outside it's just all screen
there's no thick black line around the
outside edges oh right
all right yeah it's just off screen
there's one little button on the top one
little hole on the top where the selfie
camera is I'm excited for Joker
yeah looks looks pretty good it does
look pretty good everyone Joaquin
Phoenix was pretending to be crazy yeah
what was that you could sort of tell at
the time that he was sort of pretending
yeah yeah he was he's he had a character
he was doing for a documentary yeah and
it was like what what is this I don't
get it did you see the guy from empires
speech like interview yes yes yes that
seems almost like he's not pretend like
he's if he's pretending he's doing a
better job acting them joacquin Phoenix
what is Terrence Howard a flower of life
well Terrence Howard the guy who
interviewed me for Rolling Stone told me
the Terrence Howard is like a legitimate
genius like you said you talked to the
guy who guys absolutely brilliant maybe
figured it all out I think you got high
as fuck on DMT that's what it sounds
like he's starting to figure it all out
yeah it does sound like that right 100%
yeah yeah it all makes sense like it but
the inability to explain it just kind of
like it's all connected but he was not
explaining it very well but very
articulately
like he was using it wasn't like
nonsense talk
right he was like like oh this is like
shockingly coherent for a ridiculous
thing to say if I've seen on to talk
about what happened to him Shane
which one che mas no he did I fo yeah no
I just really had him on back you with
which which what happened to him though
I think he's in mushrooms every day for
a month or DMT every day for a month and
he also covered himself in I'm getting
the terms on but maybe Syrian Russo this
shit couldn't come out of his system and
he went a little bit another how long it
was this mmm maybe a year and a half ago
okay so I had one before that yeah so we
went to see Roger Waters he's got
tickets for me in Providence I went down
there and he was like talking like he
was like I figured out these math
equations and he was like the whole time
is like dude I know I'm getting I'm a
science guy I get this seems ridiculous
I understand why you wouldn't believe me
but I can like figure shit out to the
point where mathematicians are like mmm
I never thought of it that way he's like
I don't understand how it's possible but
I get why you wouldn't believe that yeah
yeah he was like he was you know when
you're coming out of a mushroom trip
yeah for like 30 40 minutes you're like
not quite coherent cuz got a foot in
there and a foot out here he was like
that for hours and I guess for like
months yeah it was just in a constant
state of coming out of a mushroom trip I
did DMT three times in a day Wow the the
third time it was a really strong one
and it fucked me up for a while I don't
remember how long afterwards but this
was during the Fear Factor days but I
remember reality the way I described it
the reality was very slippery
yeah very slippery like I kept thinking
that cars we're gonna fly over the
incoming lane crash into my car and kill
me oh really yeah I kept thinking like
be really careful but then I realized
that what that is is like my ego trying
to protect me by making me aware of
imminent threats and trying to
reestablish its position as in the chain
of command because like one of the
things about really extreme psychedelic
experiences that they dissolve the ego
to the point where you realize like you
don't really
like you're a part of some crazy system
and the only reason why you think you
really matters cuz your biology wants to
stay alive because there's these
inherent existential threats to your
existence that have always existed
throughout time and you know ultimately
though it doesn't matter because you're
just gonna live and die and probably
live again I again and yeah and you're
part of some one of those guys at any
time you're like fighting it like you're
stuck it just means you haven't taken
enough I think that was like Terence
Mckenna or one of those guys was like
you just have to take more and you can't
fight it right you're gone you know yeah
but I was fucked up for a while really
but I was functional I was but I was
real nervous and weirded out by that
long a long weeks maybe months why'd you
do it three times in a day were you
trying to do that on purpose or the
first time was light I went in but I
didn't go in too deep yeah but I saw the
visuals and I lay there and I was like I
got to the door and I could see through
the windows of the house but I didn't go
inside the second time it just like
opened up a fucking vortex and shocked
me through to the center of the universe
and then it was really really really
intense and then I did it again after
that it's because I loved it because it
was so awesome I wanted to do it one
more time I gotta do it more mmm
vape pens yeah that's what we should do
on November 1st very pens yeah we should
do DMT in the morning yeah in here
you're gonna be in New York oh yeah well
soon as we get back kind of my apartment
okay
yeah that'd work
what that'll work yeah yeah you could
comes out those fights no I got no
wedding oh Jesus yeah who's getting
fucked prints oh no not yet remember
this game over t-shirts showing where
they're all the rage I love my better
speech I love those
whoa that's so bleak it's such a crazy
institution that works out half the time
it is not stirred I was talking to my
high school friends it's one of them
we're talking about how long they've
been in their place without their wife
or kids like how long has been since
they've been alone in their house you
know not on the road and not without
their wife but with their kids but like
alone one friend said it was ten years
he hasn't been alone alone and slept
alone in his house where no one else was
there well I think that for comics one
good really good thing about going on
the road yeah get these little resets
and you miss them and you come back yeah
you happy yeah I meet guys that don't
ever leave their family yeah ever and
they look beaten they just look
emasculated and shrunken deflated fuck
you man
I'm happily married I believe you why is
a mad man I believe you I believe you
I'm just saying I see a lot of people
that are beaten down people get annoyed
with each other
look if you and I live together you need
a break here there if you and I lived in
a two-bedroom kill each other be so mad
at each other
with it how long a month or even faster
we would be first of all I'd be
immediately saying okay this is
temporary we're gonna get our own
apartment there's no way we can't last
like this but when I lived with Duncan
in my big house yeah nine
for us six full-time living me for six
months I think some of it helps if you
know it is temporary kind of like summer
jobs were okay because you knew at the
end of August this is over but then that
first year were you were just like
working you're like there's no end in
sight well to see roommates can be cool
if they're cool right like if they pay
their rent if they're never there that's
the best thing you can do is to never be
there yeah or if they clean up after
themselves yeah always clean yeah that's
big that changes everything like if your
roommate just leaves their shit
everywhere it's annoying even if they're
not home but if your roommate cleans up
yeah then they don't leave their shit
everywhere then it's just a person that
you really like that you see every
couple days okay what's up man what you
been up to
yeah but my have sex themselves this is
kind of big and stretched out so Duncan
was over on this corner and I was over
in that corner it was done with your
Kate oh man he did his job he was like I
didn't really see much of anything yeah
hey what are you gonna do I didn't
really see much of anything the guy's
been really cool to me didn't see much
of anything
ask me again I love in this attention I
didn't see much of anything about I did
an audition once with Kate oh really
yeah yeah there was something that I was
doing with McGuire and some other god
that never wound up getting made but
anyway we were all together and Kato
came in to read for it how shitty is
stand-up when on your way down that's
what people go into but more the last I
out of out of complete show me Daniels
is doing stand-up now Piven yep yeah
they're all like well I just tried this
at the end well stand up if you look no
respect but here's the thing if they did
it and loved it and respected it and was
fuckin gung ho for it I I have a unique
opinion I mean I know a lot of comics
get real mad at people trying to do
comedy yeah I feel like anybody trying
to do comedy is a comic yeah if you
respect it and you treat it well that's
how I've always treated open-mike errs
have you are an open mic er yeah in my
opinion you are a comic that's that the
one last thing you always say no no
that's not anymore oh no no it's now
it's it's only Asians of a certain we
say even joke around about anymore
they're serious there's so serious Hey
Dude there's been so many more Asian
jokes around the scene lately it's
almost seems like this has reminded
people of that whole fucking angle yeah
yeah we should not be talking about cuz
right now there might be ninjas in here
in this room yes that's good I'm not
high it's fucking that cigar we're
totally cheating but no I really feel
like anybody what boy yeah yeah yeah
straight trans whatever the fuck you are
if you're doing stand-up you're one of
us that's how I feel
I mean you might be you might be
terrible you might be on the one you
know your first couple of days but yeah
you could eventually be my peer I think
that's why the stores
civically even there's this like respect
for the door guys because like they go
on to become the real comics and half
the real comments were door guys
yeah arch number so there's like yeah
you're just me but earlier yeah I mean
you Duncan there's a bunch of you Sam
Kinison Bill Hicks they were all door
guys yeah yeah
the store is uniquely special in that
way that it really promotes there's a
lot of people the Improv to though that
our comics that's cool
but the door like the store brother they
make a big deal out of the fact that you
can get spots you can get those
late-night spots which are giant you
know it's five minutes to open to that
those are huge and you know you get
those occasional belly room shows and
although you you get to meet guys like
us that'll take you on the road we also
get to see real good comedy night after
night after night ten styles yep you
need to see the murderers the murderers
yeah don't you grow a lot in ways that
yeah how's he doing
killin do you think you would like
intentionally fuck up for five minutes
when he was doing like 30s and 40s you
know like fuck over five minutes and get
everybody I kind of against him and then
I could test his stuff out yep yeah you
do no purpose corny jokes he would do
corny jokes and he would also just go
what else what else okay till people
like I don't know the guy we just an
actor yeah yeah he would just dig little
what else I love that what a comic does
that what else do that if you could dig
those holes and then dig yourself out
then you know that's a real bit Bret a
bit that digs you out of holes a real
bit that's a cool that's a fucking
shovel you can dig a hole with that
shovel you know like two bits
you know bits are pieces of expression
but some of them are just tools
so we're they're they're tools like like
it opening bits like I've had opening
bits we're like okay I need to detonate
this door to get into this room clear
boom detonate the door okay now we're in
you know I mean like it's a tool it's a
tool to get the job done yeah yeah
Jake Johansson's do this joke I opened
for him once in DC he's a great guy yeah
he's really nice
real he's really nice killer stand up to
ya never see that guy
yeah I've never run in the road yeah
mostly always but um built his own house
he's tall guy who's like fine they get
showers they're coming from over I don't
defend himself
I had somebody build I mean I'm sure yet
someone built it oh yeah no that's not
that would be he's out there Unabomber
in it yeah but it's all I got lame and
it's all falling apart because I'm doing
like band-aids over holes she left me
that late night tape that's supposed to
stop leaks keeps a boat yeah up the
bottom of the boat is filled with tape
but yeah he had some joke at the very
beginning and you'd go behind so like
you introduce something that you go off
so I couldn't tell what he was doing he
just said it's good to be here in DC and
everyone would laugh and I'm like what
is that joke
and I asked him I finally saw it every
night I would do it and he would like
it's good to be here in DC and everyone
would laugh and I'm like I don't see
where there's a joke that you're only
here so I ran out to the curtain it
opened up slightly so I can see and it's
just an easy one he just goes it's good
to be here and then I turned around a
look at the sign and goes oh TC I'm like
oh I get it now but he goes oh dude my
first five minutes like don't judge any
of that yeah that's just me getting him
on my side yeah just working yeah cuz
and then I got him from me and then I
can do whatever I want little tools
things to get going technique savers you
ever ever saver start off joke doesn't
go let me go real quick yeah you always
gonna have those get out of jail free
passes yeah you only got one or two of
them and then it's like well now it's
just gonna be a full bomb yeah it could
easily be a full bomb but one of the
most satisfying sets you can ever have
it's like you start bombing and then you
pull yourself out yeah when the crowd
doesn't like you and then they slowly
start to like you yeah that for whatever
reason just turns them yeah you know you
you said something I think is so true
that this is a great time for real
comedy yeah yeah it's great
comedy is dangerous again oh it's so
much fun people hear something like oh
oh it's back into these little basement
rooms
everyone's attacking it all the time
it's so great you know if people get mad
at you for saying something like harsh
and you walked with that fuck you know
cause you know like you've made some
Catholic joke and they're all like
butthurt because they're Catholic yeah
you know you got them can you know it's
okay cuz they're only they're angry and
everyone else is laughing like crazy
yeah now the scale of that is just way
larger yeah there's stuff and go out and
just like get a bunch of people angry
because the people that are cool enough
till I actually like the stuff it feels
way more dangerous and fun you know we
should do with this podcast with Tom and
Bert we should do like buds training
bring in buckets of ice and just have
vodka all over the table
Oh see if they'll be okay yeah see if
they tap they ring the bell yeah I could
see Bert doing that would you talk
Burton the ring in the Bell special
every time we smoke cigars we got high
we smoke cigars laced with formaldehyde
yeah was that called Sherm wait did you
hear about that lady this has nothing to
do with that what she just got convicted
today of murder she walked into the
wrong apartment
no cop right yup she thought this guy
was in her apartment she shot him and
killed him she said let me see your
hands yeah anybody from his point of
view is like what the fuck are you let
me see your hands
yeah and she shot him I didn't hear that
part but I just knowed she shot him and
murdered him mmm accidentally she
thought he was in her place yeah she
yeah it's a that's like I heard her like
crawling in the Sun yeah and it was like
damn but it's just like I don't know why
do you keep going to shoot it don't
shoot right the guy run at you yeah it's
like oh like when do you shoot someone
if you find them is the training wrong
why unarmed people are getting shot it's
not really it's not like that right it's
just like I mean you got it wrong at
very least you got it wrong well I've
said this many times and I think the
vast majority of interactions that
people have a police or their positive
there's no problem yeah and that's why
you don't hear about them
but you hear about one every now and
again but that's just because there's
300 million people and if you could you
count up all those one every now and
again as it seems
like this is fuckin just yeah assault on
unarmed people Tories who listen to over
over statistics what's just it's people
that suck at being a cop especially
girls no no offense ladies but you're
physically weaker right yeah so you
could get that gun taken from you
someone's in your house you live by
yourself maybe and you see this guy in
your house and you're so terrified
because like it's like a monster yeah
like a big man
yeah like a monster to a woman yeah and
then at the same time that dude is in
his apartment now that's dead so that's
also not great oh it's terrible but like
you're not supposed to just shoot people
yeah you're supposed to shoot into her
eyes yeah if she really thought that she
was that's why I don't understand how
it's murder like what well it's what's
the accident isn't manslaughter like
accidental shooting I understand any of
that how's it not manslaughter yeah you
know I just was following the story a
little bit I remember some facts from a
few weeks ago that there were a lot of
there are at least three or four things
in place here that like made it not seem
like an accident like a really like the
door for instance the door in those
apartments I was reading like it shuts
automatically so she I think she said it
was like unlocked or it was kind of open
and everyone that sort of knows about
that apartment is like that's not
possible this door shut out mapping
behind you you would have had to open
the door she open the door didn't shut
all the way I don't know I think they
had a relationship maybe two or
something like that
what's remembering the facts so listen
you can't just say that let's start
googling I heard the guy she shot was
new Supreme Court justice Kavanagh oh
and he denied it that dick after a while
it's like no more dick for you yeah I
think it's a great time to be a stand-up
I really do think it's dangerous again
you know people alike it's like you hear
something when you are one of those
people just go to shows you hear
something you're just like as an
audience member you're just like well so
the woke outrage has totally worn off
and has the opposite effect like with
Dave Chappelle like you know you can
just skip Dave Chappelle's new special
oh must be awesome I love the rest about
the internet all coming together just to
respond other people goes cool whoosh I
check out those people Thanks exactly
Thanks / - yeah you know but but
Chappelle special you know the whole
thing was rotten to me
you know they only allowed five
different woke reviewers to take that
yeah they gave it a 0% and then they
released to the public
we all loved it cuz everybody was mad
like your job is to tell us what we'd
like and you failed at that job well
their job is to review things and their
ideology that they're forced to exist in
is woke ideology anyone who's worrying
working as a journalist like there's
really same thing the Christians did
when they used to review stuff for like
Christian content remember that oh yeah
when they were rated based on how many
kissing scenes are there how many curses
are there yeah it's like you don't take
you don't have to see those reviews
those are like a separate people's
reviews well somebody wrote something
about it that I actually retweeted today
see if you can find out about the the
connection between theology the the
resemblances between woke ideology and
theology they're they're so similar same
yes it's about compliance we watch it
doing it our way yes our way our way put
your hat on
you know your special underwear on it's
Tom it's so fucking border so dumb I
hate even talking about it just like
we're just writing jokes and doing
fucking good things but whenever someone
who's woke says something that's
ridiculous it makes for great comedy
Richard David yes I darken is coming on
the podcast soon too excited to talk to
him the righteous in the woke why
evangelists and social justice warriors
well click on that so I can get with the
actual why evangelist is social justice
warriors trigger me in the same way it's
the same like you got to do it my way
shit it's the right way it really is
yeah well it's about compliance people
love compliance they love getting other
people to fall in line yeah and they get
scared when people are just out there
doing whatever the fuck they want to do
and that that's that's with everything
man that's with their diet that's with
the way they behave this is the clothes
they wear people get mad they get mad if
you wear your hat backwards like I asked
my my friend who's now a rabbi I asked
him for help with a thing I'm doing in
my hour and should look it up just
factually I wanna make sure I get it
exactly right right and he's like no I'm
not gonna look that up for you just so
you can make fun of it
like what that's not your job your jobs
to tell me yeah like I'm a Jew asking
and it goes now I'm not gonna be part of
this mockery I'm like you haven't even
seen it
you haven't seen it Wow someone help you
I know but it's like fucking hard to
find somebody who knows it knows it I
don't have any people left mine that
part of my life he really won't help ya
oh my fuckin shut up all you religious
people all exactly save every religion
it's fucking real and then what you want
in terms of like not being embarrassed
yeah it's hilarious they would have
something that you don't want you
mocking just let me information you
can't hold it for me right like imagine
if there was something like that would
stand up like no I'm not gonna tell you
how we write jokes you're just gonna
mock it how do you get up an open mic
tonight I'm not telling you just a dog I
mean I've got a market but it's gonna be
in a fun way how do you go from being an
opening act to be in the middle to be in
a headliner I'm not gonna tell you I
could tell you they're gonna mock it
anything you can't mock is bullshit that
I was so mad I was like get fucked he
was like come on don't use that language
you know I'm a rabbi like eat my shit
all you really just fucks are exactly
the fucking same Nazi for help as a Jew
but how how are you still a Jew this is
what something that's always struggled
there are troubled people that are
non-religious Jews are the rare people
that can also be atheists yeah it's kind
of like you're not stand-up is rare and
they are form that it needs other people
to exist it would use rare because you
can see bit cultural and racial Jew yeah
a religious Jew but it's a racial jube
it you could be born in Europe or you
could be born in Israel you can be born
anywhere and be a racial Jew but yet you
are not religious at all at all but
Jewish is a religion yeah Judaism is a
religion both yes yeah I talked about
this is my new way I do yeah yeah that
true stuff is a lot of like it's all
just stand up but it's a lot of like
stuff you've always wanted to know yeah
well you remember back when used to tell
me those stories and I'm like how are
you not talking about this stuff on
stage I wasn't good enough yet yeah or I
was too close to it but so good that you
waited to know I'm really good at
stand-up and I couldn't like really
delve into all the absurdities yeah
really go into it in a way and know how
to like ease out and like so Jews don't
feel attacked and then it's gotta be a
rabbi out there that'll give you the
fucking I got a fine one if had robbers
come to the shows and some of them have
corrected me on stuff and like oh
interesting thank you I want to get it
right find those guys yeah yeah I gotta
find him your friends lame he's lame
fucking he's always also trying to get
me to come back he's always demeaning me
like oh yeah the fold
I don't mind it in a nice way but not
like up you're wasting your life cover
up your bald spot with a nice yarmulke
yeah exact height get you a sweet one
for all the ladies like you're f
conservative friends who don't even
understand your life they like what they
insult you on you're like no that's a
good thing yeah yeah freedom yeah when
they're like you came up drunk at 5:00
a.m. on a weekday yeah right isn't that
awesome
it was great I got a I got a ride I'm
responsible I remember a blog you wrote
a long time ago and you wrote like
people you come at home and somebody
like leaving and then like I think the
line was if you could smell my finger
will blow your mind gets super
self-righteous about their choices but
people like to feel like if they're
getting up early and you're coming home
as they're getting up that somehow
they're doing better than you yeah
that's not true I've had a most fucking
amazing night ever
yeah pussy what do you been doing
watching Golden Girls sleeping he's a
comic like you can't tell like like mark
Normand came in here with the clothes
that he was wearing the night before he
came in here all night and then he slept
till noon and made his way overslept to
look 11:00 or suit made his way over
here with a suit on that's great I love
it I love to fuck it yeah man that's
that's us that's our that's our religion
yeah if I have a religion its comedy
yeah yeah for sure if somebody tells me
something I was like will they joking
yeah well you know that's my thing now
is whenever I hear a comic my instinct
right now is wonder can you believe they
said this ridiculous thing even though
it's not on my side of things I believe
you know I start to get angry and then I
stop and go wait a minute let's look at
it under the lens of their comedian
right on something and sometimes they're
serious but a lot of times like oh you
this is a joke there's a tongue-in-cheek
like exaggeration on purpose or yeah or
you try something and it doesn't work
you know don't hold someone to what
they're saying what is you know like
this is it goes back to this Shane thing
right let Shane Gillis thing leave him
alone
he was just trying to be funny he was
trying to talk shit and be funny and you
miss and people like it's just racist
mic mmm yeah but sometimes racism is
funny if you if you go if you say it in
a way why don't you call it jokes about
race relations yes jokes about race
relations which is something like can't
we talk about that yeah isn't that one
of those big taboo things each touch on
you can't you tell what races can you
openly mock with no white yeah right
Indian I guess it's going away
Indian and Chinese was a an Asian I mean
yeah you used to be able to I remember
yeah he's going away right now had a
joke about Pakistan yeah Pakistan was
about to go to war with India and he was
like what are they fighting over who
smells the worst and he did this all the
time and this is like you know early
2000s but if he did that joke now people
would be fucking mad yours but that's
what makes it more fun too they're
getting so mad and while this dude was
from Texas he'd never been to India or
Pakistan right it's like no idea if they
smelled bad that's like it's very
harmful no it's not you ever see a
picture of like or a real racist
somewhere you know I got real raised
yeah and you're like oh I think you
remember what they just were mad about
some other guy in like comedy being
racist and you're like guys that's not
even close like this guy made a joke and
that guys here's how you know who is a
racist when you accuse them of racism
and they don't deny it they're like yeah
fuck them that's the racist person not
wouldn't they be like no no no I didn't
really mean that that's how you know
they're not really feeling that way but
if you make a joke about murder are you
a murderer really secret yeah you are
really I think so wow that's there's
certain things right you're allowed to
joke you could even you could basically
you could joke definitely joke about
fucking animals mm-hmm right nobody
thinks you're really into bestiality
well what I think
is all this stuff about like you can't
joke about race or gender but he makes
child murder stuff like all the better
mmm like it's a grand time for that that
used to be too harsh when I start comedy
is right up to Columbine and that was
like no you're gonna ruin the room but
now it's back really yeah child murder
yeah yeah yeah school shooting shit you
didn't joke about school shootings
problem yeah yeah if you do it well if
you do it well but if you don't it's
still like a Jesus Church I got mad at a
lot of people over that louis c.k thing
i got mad at a lot of people yeah
not because what he said was great you
know what Louie said what you just
because you pushed some fat kid into the
way irrelevant irrelevant they're
relevant whether it's good or bad it was
let me tell you something
if he was left alone with that bit he
would turn that bit into a great bit he
would have figured it out yet had not
done comedy for almost a year
yeah this is one of his first sets back
and he was trying to turn this into
comedy and he could have turned that
into comedy the people are like it's not
even funny it's like okay but if it was
just about not funny because I think I'm
not gonna say whether it was or wasn't I
thought it was funny actually but it's
irrelevant because like if I make an
unfunny joke about traffic no one's
coming after me you know it's clearly
not about whether it's wrong or not has
got nothing to do with it
well it's whether or not you should be
able to make light of something terrible
and you can't let somebody not fail that
direction there be a fill in all
directions you try to find the line well
I understand regular people not
understanding that I really do but I
don't understand comic comic I mean I'd
understand comics not understanding the
process of creating material like you
are disingenuous you did know I can't
understand that if if you are if like
say someone like it's like a Jim
Gaffigan type comic that's never
offensive I'm just like kind of you know
family-friendly you could anybody can go
see African he's hilarious but you could
take your grandma out of C or with
Network well if he did a joke about a
school shooting you'd be like whoa Jim
but even then I would still say he's
trying to find an angle yeah let him do
it
what do you mean let him figure out the
angle the people don't laugh that's it's
almost on the wrong we talked to calf
again after that you be like how do they
did they go for it
he'd be like not really
Wow you're gonna try it again cuz maybe
but maybe you'll pull it back
I've had a bunch of bits like that rose
like I gotta bail on this bit yeah where
it's like you try it and try it try it
just doesn't work but that's the process
so now if I'm a young comic if I say can
I even come close to the line because if
I go over it that's what you do when
you're kind of blindly walking towards a
line if you go over it in that direction
you're fucked yeah you might really be
fucked forever so I'm not gonna come
close to the line that's not good it's
not good finding it takes that and puts
it in quotes and just right takes it out
of the context takes it out of context
and then writes it down yeah context to
the tone of voice oh sure yeah and all
the things you've said before that right
yeah I hate it I hate it but it's a good
time that guy's really funny yeah stand
up yeah it's it's a great time for
standing up I mean look the fucking
store sold out every night I know some
people like it's the unist and I was
like what are you talking about this
place when they're not going to see any
specific person they're just going to
see stand-up in general those are mobbed
the stand in New York mob the seller mom
I get on at 1:30 of the seller sometimes
1:30 a.m. on a fucking Wednesday and
people like is anybody there a mic yet
so there's no room dude I was reading an
article when I talked about Hannah
Gatsby and the death of stand-up comedy
I was reading it in my limo on the way
to a sold-out arena look dude I go I
guess there's not gonna be anyone there
I have a special on Netflix I guess it's
all terrible huh I guess there's no
comedy anymore yeah all you gotta do is
shut your fucking phone and nothing that
shit exists for the most part here are
their yeah there's some bad shit about
somebody made a joke and unfair level of
punishment but generally it's just like
shut your phones just people being angry
yeah that's what the internet is anyway
it's a it's a really easy way for people
to complain dude I loved it I was
waiting for it you see that video I made
for so bombed October yes okay so I was
waiting for because I knew overcome
people like this hilarious when I put my
friends all the points aren't the right
this we had to do more points for this
so let's punch it
waiting for it and then I finally saw it
was like this is very responsible you
should be ashamed of yourself people
have real problems there it is and now
it's just a question of what percentage
of people have that reaction and what
percentage don't yeah so there's only
one guy no one's gonna listen if it was
ten guys or if there's one guy that has
a big Twitter following now everybody's
like feels like they should be mad you
ever see one of those anger things where
you don't quite get it
you know like sometimes you're like I
see the other side I think it's too far
but I see the other side and then
sometimes you're like I don't even
understand why this is even a topic you
ever see those mm-hmm
you know the e rages where it's like
yeah really oh yeah it's some of them
you just don't even see and that's a
light week maybe yeah Duncan told me
that half the anti Star Wars tweets for
Russian BOTS I think maybe they're
trying to shove shit under the radar
that's what I've heard like yeah
whatever
so you just have people in the crowd big
BOTS go I think that was terrible like
in a real like animated that was your
real life brawl between two people two
groups and you could just go into one
and be like you called you a faggot
right I mean everybody turns around and
gets it going again right right these
things don't seem real a lot of you take
the wrong side I'm like I don't think
you really care if I showed somebody
whatever that first one was for that
further for that guy for sharing that
funny comic if I showed it the back
table cell but what do you think of this
so one of those whoa comics who said or
people who were like I think it's too
far if I chose in that video if they
really didn't like they would go with
that so go look at it there we go that's
dumb and that would be the end of it
right that would be it but they have an
opportunity to feel like you gotta say
something up and let everybody know that
they're on the team that deserves virtue
you don't think the guy's taken enough
abuse at some point you got to see the
damages internet shit does to people and
it's like you're gonna pile on it's
covered he's been its it is punished I'm
hard
I like recognizing who's gonna always
fold SNL will fold and well comics 2's
know it's an organization with a bunch
of advertisers and apparently that was
the big deal they had a page of the
advertiser but my thing is this kid the
network's just call each other
netflix and FX and CBS
and Hulu and Amazon and I'll call each
other just have a meeting that people
who run it and say we got a release a
statement and the statement should go no
matter what somebody said in the past we
feel like for starting from here on in
we don't even know what the rage is
gonna be about we feel like we shouldn't
be responsible to be judges and juries
on that we feel like we've gotten it
wrong too many times and if you guys
don't want to watch that's up to you but
you got to take it up with the performer
the artist whatever and if they all just
release that statement together people
just wouldn't go to them they're never
gonna do that then why that make it like
it ain't us you guys cuz I forgot to
take it up to the comic advertisers use
it as an opportunity for them to merge
virtue signal and get more people to buy
their product they'll say we do not
support this idea that hate speech is
something to be casually dismissed there
but they won't because they're saying
it's not even about anything in
particular
it's about we're not getting involved in
this but somebody did on the other side
or what you're gonna define it as we've
been through this with rap in the
fucking 80s it's just we're not getting
involved I get it if for a month we're
not touching anything it just takes all
the pressure off you you don't think if
Amazon and Netflix fucking talked about
let's just all put it out together and
then what do you want to be the network
is no no we're gonna actually like
boycott our comics if they actually do
say something and a separate platform or
do you want to be the network going yep
we also agree comics do whatever you
want you're not here it's not like
you're saying something to somebody in
the hallway of SNL you're saying
something separately for the fucking
6,000 followers you have we sign up for
that shit right they're never gonna do
it why cuz too much outrage you but then
that takes the heat off you that you
have to deal with it from now on
too dangerous right now Ari be perfect
he's perfect that's why you don't run a
business ap but they all should just do
it they're never gonna do it
what is that wristband Yvan Oh Music
Festival oh yeah I got it I got to get
tickets for next year and once I know
what's I do I'll cut it off yeah you've
got to get tickets for next year yeah
once you do you'll cut it off there that
helped you get tickets yeah dude it's
all about the mindset dude I gotta tell
you about well 50 years old what are you
doing with this fucker no I'm waiting
good luck hey I went to this nightclub
in Germany in Berlin it was fucking so
fuck dude I've been having fog going
around places yeah yeah yeah what was it
okay
it's fucking bats they do shit on
another level there I'm not any EDM and
stuff but like it was great as soon as
you walk in it's like okay first of all
you can't even get in oh my god okay the
first thing you see when you get in is
just a bunch of people in leather worn
out it goes from Friday night midnight
and so like Monday about noon well you
need to stay in and do hella drugs and
just dance for like techno and like
house music on different floors will die
in there they must they must they must
go too hard and have heart attacks yeah
but everyone yeah they must yeah but
when you're down there it's on the third
level where there's no and just people
just coming down I went in like a day
and a half so it was like Sunday when I
went so people are just like out of it
sweaty girls with like tutus and like
whatever there's a coat-check place
where somebody said somebody check their
GIMP one time well yeah yeah like you
can take it for me yeah okay the very
first thing I saw I go in it's
overwhelming me and my promoter were
there we're like this is fucking too
much and we're like are let's get beers
and I saw this is a great dude the way
to get is to wear all black or wear
leather or just be with gay people gay
people just get in and they make sure
it's like a good time for everybody and
uh they make you put a sticker over your
phone no pictures they'll throw you the
fuck out do whatever drugs you want
anyway as soon as I see it there's a guy
at the end of the bar just getting
jerked off as he's ordering by a guy or
a girl by a guy from the top by a guy
yeah yeah and he's fucking the beer out
of it on drugs I still try to get some
dudes other hand is just gone inside his
asshole yeah a full like cuz it didn't
make sense the choices yeah I think I
mean I don't know something it might
have an opers it might have been I don't
know what was doing at the inside I
might have been open or closed
like a puppet yeah and then it's just
debauchery
you just get drugs in the bathroom and
dance and dance and
oh yeah full you see full like blowjobs
going on Wow
it's like anything goes people are out
with 30 dicks dicks out just fucking
jumping and dancing if you gave
everybody drugs that's what they would
do oh my gosh yeah good times
it was the best you just walk around and
you go to the bathroom somebody read she
was looking for like anything what we
trying to get ecstasy probably right
Molly you know something like that
somebody eventually gave me one I was
like I got enough for my promoter got to
and he was like no no I'm going home I'm
only staying till like 3:00 I got my
kids like soccer game tomorrow and I was
like alright so I'll throw this out then
I'll just throw out the exercises are
fucking relax so he took something that
we just start dancing man it was so fun
the music is nothing I got like the best
DJs in the world like go down there and
just let me show off yeah just like do
sense yeah it's kind of like the Comedy
Store kind of like the Comedy Store it's
like the best comics in the world do
what 15 bucks nothing to do with the
money they're trying to show off Wow
oh god it was so fucking fun they just
have this like nightclub culture they'll
even have like rockabilly bars there and
then people are dancing on the back do
you remember when the early days the
internet you would get shit porn from
Germany uh-huh it was always from
Germany they go they go whatever you're
into just go for it why Germany like do
you think after World War two they just
went crazy no I think not after World
War two I think after the Berlin Wall
fell I think it's all reaction to that
shit really yeah because they're not
really in Berlin at least they don't
really think about the Holocaust anymore
they're thinking about that east-west
mmm that's their most recent massive
restorable
you know and that was what was that the
eighties yeah yeah that was during the
Reagan administration wasn't mr.
Berbatov tear down that wall
didn't I know I think I know somebody
who had a piece of the wall I had one
you could buy it at Spencer's and stuff
yeah poster of a guy with this like that
Oh dick root oh just like a little bit
you know yeah it's like hanging out with
a cowboy hat mmm you know Abercrombie
and Fitch you know that store
Ambercrombie and ponch yeah you know you
go there they spray you with some
fucking toxic chemicals yeah you know
that
so the whole place is filled with
perfume it's really strange that used to
be a place where you would go and buy
like legit outdoor gear if you were
going fly-fishing
see if you and I were gonna go down the
fucking River in Montana I become a good
fit to us yes that's what it used to be
Wow pieces sound like kayaks and shit
yeah it was like flannels by the time I
was and now it's now it's just like DJ
Pierre but it's all these weird
hermaphrodite looking people like
everyone is everyone is like a sexual or
weirdly thin it's a strange you know
gender-neutral you know the girls are
they all look like they're 14 The Crying
Game
yeah all the crime yeah nobody knows The
Crying Game is anymore
oh one of the first transgender things
we'd ever experienced yeah culturally
The Crying Game
that sign across the street from the
store on the Hyatt that one's another
like a gender neutral Asian lady without
like a slightly less gender-neutral
Asian lady where is that it's on the
store the one with the parking lot faces
you know there right now there's a sign
there right now what is it it's just
these two two asian models yeah but they
look like what the fuck are you a boy or
girl yeah but that's in now it's in if
people can't tell if you're a boy or
girl yeah it's nice material so it's
mysterious but why is that in more
people into that I don't know look what
they are but it's wood they're into it
for advertising right but are the into
it like how many people like what is the
market for like people being gender
neutral looking who's like hey man you
going out tonight yeah and I try to meet
somebody
what are you trying to meet someone who
I can't tell what the fuck I just don't
want to know I don't want to know I'm
doing anal and I don't want to know when
I pull their pants down I don't know
what the fuck to expect while you're
looking for a boy or a girl who cares
Wow I don't care I don't care if you're
gay or straight or trans or what fuck
Everlast just signed their first ever
transgender boxer it's a trans
female-to-male boxer
and my first thought was this guy's
gonna get lit up he goes and fights
actual men oh it was female-to-male yeah
well hope they're all amateurs I guess
maybe dude we saw it skank fest naked
rose-petal say this is it
that's a female-to-male really yep look
at the shoulders that was Andy Dick's
head like a perfect track teams to a
mixed gender races yeah really races
disaster tweeted about it yeah it's a
disaster roids
yeah well the men blew by the women like
it apart that's how it works kids gender
shit know who you know transgender
athletes you know suffers women that's
that's always women when you when you're
trying to like make everything diverse
let's diversify and include everyone no
you're not including everyone you're
including men to compete as women that's
what you're doing because the women
competing is men like that every last
boxer and I haven't sparred in forever
I'll knock that dude the fuck out
there's just no way this is a difference
there's a giant difference though guys
never gonna beat Deontay Wilder he's
never gonna beat a real Boozer remember
Andy Kaufman was full-on challenging
women wrestlers he was going as hard as
he could
amazing he was going as hard as it could
there's a lot of women jujitsu people
that'll fuck you up though mm-hmm but
that's a different animal you're not
punching things I mean there's a lot of
female boxers it'll fuck like Claressa
Shields will fuck you up you know
there's there's a few Ann Woolf she'll
fuck a lot of men up but it's not normal
you're not gonna fuck a normal man up
who weighs the same weight as them just
that it is not it's just not fair it's
not fair and women suffer with this
transgender athlete thing what do you
think they're gonna suffer until I
figure it out or what they well the
Olympic the weightlifting committee has
already figured it out powerlifting
committee they've already banned
transgender women they've banned all
yeah the whatever the organization and
power lifters is but they they've put
the fucking kibosh on it because all
these trans women or fucking men are
breaking all these world records Gurdurr
how weird they're crushing these records
it's flunk is like we want to be like
okay I want
understand your plight but at the same
time you can just kind of see it from
our point of view you are setting world
records all the time it doesn't make any
sense it's just this weird City you know
what it is it's where the rubber hits
the road when it comes to this whole
trans activism thing like this is what
it we're really like when gender
dysphoria becomes a real issue when that
when is that one physical competition
and physical altercations if a trans
woman beats the shit out of a regular
woman in a bar is it a girl beating up a
girl in a bar let's let's be honest it's
not yeah it's a male it's a biological
male beating up a female that's what it
is that is what it is and there was a
study recently released about trans
athletes and their physical performance
after you know one year of transitioning
and how much the males have lost versus
how much the females have gained female
to male gained very little male to
female lost very little really yeah very
little it's like a very small decrease
in their their overall strength after a
year of transitioning Oh looks small
like below 15% Sal rageous these it's
women it's biological women getting
fucked over by people who want to be a
woman that's what it is and everyone who
wants to be oh we're diverse and we're
inclusive and you know we're progressive
and what if you went from woman to man
could you then fight against the women
no if you went from women - man you
fight against men and you know what
can't you in this new world could you
fight back in the book because you like
if I'm born a woman no I'm a man yeah
can you wear that where should I fight
you have to fight man no yes what I'm
saying under in your world in my world
yeah where they do they can't fight if I
trans people compete against for the
trans people and I'm just saying - like
how about we get the races separate as
well these black guys should fight
blacks and these whites or white White's
we need a chance we need someone to move
a porn up your fighting we don't get
that I would definitely watch a white
fighting League I've been telling I told
Dana white I was like if you really want
your people into the Ultimate Fighter
you gotta do an Ultimate Fighter race
I'd have four teams Mexicans or any
Latinos blacks
whites and the Asians and then have them
fight against each other have fort
captains each of that it would be so
much fun all amateurs be a real issue
it'd be so fun people get so angry but
they don't sign up for it well it's
really weird when they do like Brazil
versus the US yeah they've done those I
know that we went to what it was great
right but it was Brazil like Brazilians
Brazilians are you know fighter like
that yeah race Dana a better race I
believe they did Ultimate Fighter Brazil
versus us all Brazilian team all US team
but the thing about I'm on Team White's
I'm on the flats Jewish what are you
Jewish you know that sure why Jews oh we
could just be the guys who wear the
suits and right outside the premises
hate the Jews that's one of the things
get mad at favorite goes crazy they
always had yeah Wanda lace Wanderlei
Silva versus Chael Sonnen yeah that's
right no I want a full race this is a
good start for sure hold on
put that back up Jamie yeah make that so
I could read the whole thing maybe a
little smaller make it thank you so it's
at that
yeah the coaches I think he might have
coached team yeah I don't know about
that that's it that's just Vandelay
versus Chael I don't know if it's
specifically Brazilians versus Americans
maybe I'm wrong you can do it all the
fighters who sign up for it they know
it's a joke I think it should be we're
more at odds with each other than ever
why not capitalize on that I think you
should be white racists versus angry
black guys yeah that would be fun yeah
you could have cowboy Cerrone I don't
know what is a cowboy Cowboys you could
have only like half and half people
coaching each side okay like only yeah
mixed race the only mixed race people
yeah yeah no that okay let's we're
tweaking it we're tweaking your night
here somebody says out loud I realized
that maybe that won't work mmm you
should be coached by your race well it's
weird when you go to other countries
right cuz did you see what happened you
can make it friendly to you could be
like if this if the Spaniards win one
you could be like now you guys I'm gonna
show you something about our
we're gonna all go to this this
restaurant and I'm gonna show you what
you know horchata it tastes like and
whatever I thought you're gonna say go
to the bullfights sure well that's yeah
yeah if that's part of their culture
satellites at ladies of weird like
bullfights are a largely offensive thing
that still romantically received by a
good portion of the world like if you
think about what a bullfight is like a
qualified the matador that is that it's
not thought of as an offensive thing but
it's hugely offensive what they're doing
I want to go I went to Barcelona I look
but they don't really have any Barcelona
they have a Madrid yeah that's what I've
heard
but they don't really have it there but
because it's like inhumane but like I
would still want to go I just watch the
guy get gored really on yeah you got
fucking killed you get killed by the
bull that's being with the cockfights
I've been to cock fights yeah I had a
gardener
it used to slip back and forth back from
Mexico to the United States and what
eventually went back to moved there have
your students this is the border I was
looking at this one day there's no order
oh yeah right by Tia Juana and there's
and there's bullring right on the edge
here like that's the walls right Tijuana
that's right I mean it's basically San
Diego oh wow that's crazy swim at an
already active but it's right there I
bet it's active
well let's google it I tried looking
around one day and they don't have
Google well I mean I couldn't find like
an event there they have concerts and
shit in this things don't know maybe
maybe they use it is not just a book is
that but is it just a spot me too it was
a bullring that seems like I mean take a
peek at what it is you can see it looks
like it for you yeah it looks exactly
like that I want to go to what hey I
want to find out one what is in Spain
and go to one it's probably really sad
Joe where do you want to go if you go
anywhere it's like no not you hmm Jamie
you two do you have ever have countries
just like pulling pulling at you I think
Africa Africa yeah me too I would like
to go in Safari
like a legit safari out there in a car
yeah you know I wanted to go to the
Congo but every time I talked to Justin
ran he's got some new fucking disease
he's got some horrible parasite that's
eating away at him right now not great
he said malaria three times that guy's a
saint you know is a fight for the fur
guy he's he's uh he's a Bellator
heavyweight is over there making wells
for the pygmies oh yeah yeah we
contribute this this podcast and through
the sponsor called the cash app every
time someone signs up these the the
promo code Joe Rogan all one word they
get ten bucks towards fight for the
forgotten oh that's cool yeah that's
right it's raised a lot of money and a
lot of wells it's really cool so they're
building he's going down there all the
time to build wells and last time we
came back with some fuckin terrible
parasite and the doctors are trying to
figure it out it's like some jungle shit
he's in the Congo he's literally in the
jungle you know I was catching these
weird things I had this guy dr. Peter
Hotez on he's a specialist in tropical
diseases and told me literally everyone
who lives in a tropical jungle
environment has some parasites Wow
everybody shouldn't be there you just
you just live with parasites you're
gonna have worms and fight this thing in
Laos where you sleep up in trees like if
they're called like the Gibbon
experience or something I didn't do it
but I talked to people who did and then
you just hiked all the way through the
jungle and sleep way way up in these
tree tree houses monkeys all around you
and shit and like every day you have to
take off your shoes and burn off the
leeches because of non dangerous leeches
but they're all on you you gotta burn
them off yeah do you have to set like a
match or cigar and like fucking touch it
it's like woah yeah but parasites yeah
so gross they get like someone died
recently some guy was swimming in some
lake I think in Florida and he got some
bro or maybe Texas got some brain-eating
parasite that went into his fucking
noggin and just wanna eat in his head
like it happens bad dude I want you to
do it episode of skeptic think of my
podcast where we just talk about things
that'll kill you you've been talking
about that shit for 20 years different
things that kill you last time yeah
would be about that yeah let's do that
I'll be back in November we'll do that
so I just got back from elk hunting you
know yeah I was it was awesome my friend
John was twenty yards away from a
mountain line they were both stalking
the same elk and you know he's moving so
slowly such a great hunter that the
mountain lion didn't know he was there
so he's creeping up on this elk and he
looks over and 20 yards is 60 feet can
you shoot the mountain lion no you have
to have a tag
which means you have to have it's a
limited draw hunt if you want to hunt
for mountain lions it takes like 13
years to get a tag it's very difficult
and you in the state of Utah so he's
he's creeping up on this bull and he
realizes like big-ass mountain lion was
like 20 yards away from him so he jumped
up near and screamed them out my fucking
took off what the hell - also took off
also took off come on everybody
scattered yeah he was trying to figure
out what to do yeah what should well you
have to be careful because if you get
too close it might decide to you these
animals if you're inside the area where
they don't think they can get away
they'll they'll turn to fight and that's
when you're fucked
most the time it's just gonna just run
away to fight another day like
especially mountain lions they operate
on stealth their whole idea is sneaking
up on people yeah things
dude I was I was in so I would I do as
soon as I go from car from city to city
sometimes I'll do an add-on show you
know on a Wednesday or Sunday sure and
I'll get a car and I'll Drive I like
driving around the country but so I was
doing in Tampa driving across I know
maybe up as my parents first but anytime
I see a swath of green I'll just pull
over and like hike you know and this
would yeah sure
let's say I'm thinking them well
anywhere but in between Miami and Tampa
is just a big swath of green so I
started hiking but they have this big
fence around everything and I open it up
and start hiking and they talked about
like sabers or whatever Panthers
Panthers yeah they go like those Panther
attacks are rare we strongly advise you
not to be out alone Panther attacks do
happen and I was just like I don't know
hiked that bad today it's a mountain
lion system yeah yeah it's like a
slightly different gene pool but I don't
know when they're sneaking up on you I
don't know any of the tricks I have a no
part of that yeah well you you be you
definitely be fucked yeah but there's
other things that can kill you in
Florida a forest filled with stuff that
can kill you snakes and shit yeah I like
the fucking travel on those I like walk
getting out of my car just randomly and
some like the nobody's out in a weekday
right
nobody's notes up yeah but if you found
a meth lab back in the woods
what is this four years old no human has
been attacked by a Florida panther in
state history Wildlife officials say oh
then I would def have done it it's that
true
pulling the fact is where this is from
that seems interesting oh yeah that guy
might just been saying because he loves
Paris maybe yeah leave him alone
get out there pussy ha ha ha yeah people
get attacked by mountain lions though
and it's basically the same animal but I
think the Florida panther is a really
small population there's a very small
population of them I got so scared when
I'm walking alone to the woods and I'm
like shaking my keys and nef squirrel
makes me fucking my heart beat so fast
mmm whenever I hear anything much Kerry
gun then you feel empowered yeah fuckin
assault rifle sight start cracking off
rounds oh yeah an attack yeah that's
world this is America you saw I'm a
fucking man it's coming at me I'm a
human being with a gun yeah the woods
will make you realize what a bitch you
are man
yeah I'm frightened of everything and
you no one's gonna hear your screams
then you start thinking like how am I
gonna get out of here if a snake does
bite me like a rattlesnake like how far
do I have to hike by myself out you have
some endurance athletes some famous
endurance athlete just got bit by a
rattlesnake he's in the middle of some
like long trek oh shit that's that
singer
well is there mike posner he got bit too
oh and I got to yeah mike posner
he got bit a con us what was he doing
he's walking across the country and like
walk across Colorado that was the story
but I feel like someone else got bit too
someone on the net to get somewhere I
feel like I gotta get like medevacked
out for a couple weeks or something no
that's rich rebuilds that's a guy who
looks like him it does it's a very
interesting guy he has a YouTube channel
and he bought a Tesla that was junked
mm-hmm and then bought another Tesla and
with the parts that it needed like two
junked Tesla's and pieced it together
and made his own Tesla that's cool like
for a significant discount and that's
cool yeah it's really cool but this
Tesla people don't like him because they
don't like the fact that he's doing that
and so he can't get a shit fixed at a
regular Tesla do is it because they're
blackballed them basically yeah so he
opened up a place called the electrified
garage
he's got his own Tesla unauthorized I
love that gorilla shit well he's a great
he's great too because he's just a real
techie nerdy sort of very very informed
guys for in a car guy too so he just
like well this doesn't make any fucking
sense like how how can I do this and so
like okay he bought one that had been
overrun with water so all the electrical
system was all fucked up but the body
was good and he got another one that was
in a car accident but the electoral
system was good so he took that and put
it in there well pieced it all together
and now he has a working Tesla self
fucking Hamby yeah very clever fella he
also was one of the first guys I ever
met that had one of those disease it's
called a rat rod as this new shit he
made that yeah okay so he got a fully
electrified old-school hot rod Ford
Model A Wow uh-huh he's a smart dude
motorcycle engine in it smart dude I
love those guys that are like find their
passion
yeah it really likes doing that yeah I
figured out a way to make money out of
it yeah but he's also just an
interesting guy that thing about his
YouTube videos it's like his perspective
on things is just interesting likes like
okay how do I fix this fucking thing
yeah yeah let's figure it out but the
way to figure it out was he had to buy
another one that was junk but then he
had to get a key because like Tesla
won't give you a key for one of their
cars like if you have a broken Ford
right you go hey I fixed this Mustang
but I need a key for it can you guys you
know make me a key dealership and make
you key right like oh yeah yeah we'll
replace the cylinders yeah because cares
what you do with it yeah we want what we
want
Ford is different right if you have a
Mustang and you have like a 1965 Mustang
that you rebuilt yourself they'd be like
oh great that's cool that's cool yeah
Tesla's like what are you doing zone or
throws get away yeah it's going to
explode you don't know how to work with
batteries fucking bullshit what are you
done to my rabbi threads just give it to
me
just give me the informations do what I
want with the key fuck yeah so he had to
have it hacked so you can get the
updates too cuz Tesla update won't do
updates for you uh-huh other block and
I'm so he had to get a hacker to hack
into his system so that he could get the
updates justice should impeach this guy
they should get rid of them
yeah it's they didn't want everybody
following their rules
Ari Shaffir Jew in Chicago this November
Chicago and San Jose what are you doing
you're doing comedy I'm doing stand-up
comedy I'm doing a great new hour
stand-up comedy and now if you're
filming soon I'm filming soon filming
trying to figuring out if it should
figure out where don't had this special
pretty lockdown pretty locked out I did
have a Orthodox friend come Orthodox
Frank come to see it to be like point
out like things that were wrong
factually and he got like one and a half
I'm so my guy so I got to change that
was like a last yeah after to make sure
everything no just something somewhere
something's headed a lot of these sit I
was like dude I had like a three-minute
chunk that was murdering about Noah's
forty children yeah and then I went back
to my Shiva and Jerusalem to my seminar
and I was learning that stuff and it was
like he had like did not have forty
children it was like two sons and a
daughter
fuck so I don't like scrap if like I
honestly four and a half minute murdered
chunk about Noah's wise pussy shit yeah
but whatever that's all part of it but
hold that something else yeah right
right I'm gonna actually look up are
there any other Jewish historical
figures that I have had forty children
or you doesn't even have to be Jewish
historical thing everybody track to
someone else
some other asshole yeah maybe a little
miss muffet sat out of the woods with
the shoe the shoe lady curds and whey
yeah yeah yeah right what's that shoe
the Brothers Grimm shoe one album
recently it's so over the top
it's no raisi how fucking barato a it is
oh yeah oh my god he's a good look at
you sweetheart it's just like oh my god
on an album with albums like mattered
right no record well you've heard when
the laughter died right yeah that's the
greatest album a lot of you say that cuz
it's terrible it's just like this is
what stand-up really is well he put no
no no he had no material he decided to
make an album with zero material to
shopping ups to just pop in at
Dangerfield's in New York City record it
with Rick Rubin and have no fucking idea
what he was going to talk
in a malarial either no wow and this was
when he was selling a lonely what a
great follow-up to the one of the
biggest albums of all time
dude dice is a unique cat he doesn't get
enough credit for being as unique as he
is he's a unique guy like just dad alone
like people talk about ego and this nut
do you know how healthy your ego has to
be to release a 2-cd fucking release to
CDs it was - you couldn't fit it all on
one yeah David laughter died it was a
2-cd thing of peoplein yeah Bob Walken I
remember this guy yelled at him you're
about as funny as a glass of milk that's
the great thing I said again reevaluate
every single time yeah oh my gosh
oh my god he didn't give a fuck didn't
care at all he used to this thing at the
store just to entertain the door guys
who were friendly with them who'd do
this thing where he could see how long
he'd go without saying anything of note
so like and we'd be in the back dying
goes so I get up first he would like
walk over to the mic and like tap it
with the cigarettes and then like put it
down test just like not saying anything
real right right eventually we start
like alright turn it up and then
eventually we go so I was at the thing
you know with the guy comes over and he
fucking talks you know how it is and
then it's like you got to decide you
know nothing real and we're dying in the
back as he's just milking a fucking naan
and then you know the weather's out so
of course there's that and then you got
a you got to think about everything you
know I'm saying right so it's just that
and then finally goes into a bit yeah it
would just such how to piss them off
sometimes it was great I would love to
have talked to him when he was releasing
that that CD the day the laughter died
like what is on your mind here yeah
would you why'd you decide to do this
you know because it was clear he wasn't
trying to kill no he's trying to dispel
I think he was really trying to show
what a popin said is really like I don't
think so really think so no because a
lot of times pop in sets you're trying
to get laughs he was trying to get
laughs though he just wasn't using his
best ammunition it wasn't using any it's
like playing Duke Nukem but only using
knife no no it's like paint
punch oh yeah right right right right
yeah yeah in the death left and right
still trying but not no one had a punch
I got a listen to that album again did
he had no material it's he was just
fucking around like it seemed like
everything he was saying he was
inventing on the spot I need to ask him
if that's the case I'm pretty sure it is
because it seemed like it was all
invented on the spot I got a record
player finally and I started like
getting some comedy albums for anime I
walk around and I'll just look some
Missouri dollar bill cosby's our fire
sale you get like you can see estate
sales of cosby stuff where people
discover them dollar dollar child dollar
would you have him on your podcast bill
cosby yeah yeah for sure if he gets out
of the pokey I'd want to know what it is
like in prison I want to talk to him
about like an upstanding news story oh
yeah that story yeah I made pretty sure
I want to hear from people like that
do you think you know my biggest I don't
know you'd have to ask him ahead of time
you don't want to trap him or anything
but like my biggest regret the one get I
wanted to get for skeptic thank from my
podcast is Fred Phelps who died before I
go I really want to just ask him the guy
who ran the Westboro Baptist Church I
wanted to ask him in a legit way like
what are you looking for do you think
these methods will get there not make
fun of him not argue with them just like
what are you into
well did you ever see Louis the ruse
documentary on him no it's amazing
really really good yeah as I was just uh
just talking to Louie about some new
thing he's got coming out now and it
made me sort of revisit it Meghan Phelps
who was his granddaughter she's a little
crazier no no well he's on the pot she
was on the podcast she's but she's when
I got out she said want to got the other
daughter that runs it no no no Megan is
Megan's like remarkably kind and nice
she got out knowing because the internet
like knowing people online and meeting
them and they sort of poured it out the
hypocrisy and all the kind of doing this
and all the different things and then
she realized like oh my god I'm in a
cult yeah yeah I'm in a christian-based
cult yeah a lot of people also don't
understand what your upbringing gives
you you cut that
join me crazy that's how I do it
50-year old man dude I took July off of
all day off my internet and everything
yeah I just took it off and I got so
bored that I shaved bald it in my head I
saw that yeah I was just so bored look
thanks but I did it for the same reason
I leave this on my girlfriend hates it I
was trying to shave my head with the
back of you know the back of a beard
above a UH of a trimmer yeah so the back
is just for their sideburns right but I
was trying to shave all my head that's
like 40 minutes I was back to like there
and I was like fuck this I'll get it
I'll go by real like you know a real
beard trimmer the next day and I saw my
girlfriend she was like hey what no come
on no and I was like oh no I'm not
keeping it now I kept it for a month or
now I only checked because somebody died
in the comedy scene and I didn't want to
be this funeral like that but it was
great dude i bronzed it it was so much
fun I got it once I got a tan you
couldn't really tell you tanned the the
stripe yeah Oh interesting
yeah so it was just full just a bald cut
it was a lot of fun how come bronzing is
okay but black face isn't acting like a
tanner person yeah what you're acting
like you're Brazilian yeah right yeah it
shouldn't be allowed you're acting like
you're from Ecuador or something like
you're a jungle person I have a new
theory about cultural appropriation on
here okay so you know how to respect
every person's culture right you have to
yeah okay and if a part of that culture
kill you is wrong like I say about the
Chinese pushing on subway I had like two
specials ago about Chinese people if
they try to get on an elevator before
you get off that's always a Chinese
person that's almost always a Chinese
person hmm not Asian Chinese but that
part of their culture you don't respect
right no you don't respect everything so
fine white culture is appropriating
other cultures that's what we do best
that's what Elvis did that's what we
crush it at Mexican food hot dogs it's
all appropriating other people's cups
that's what we do so you have to respect
that in our culture which is taking on
your culture
like it yes like it cuz this whole
country is a melting pot it's a melting
pot that we are with this country it's a
fondue place that's right you got to
allow us to fondue your culture you can
still use your culture right but we also
can use it why can't you respect
America's culture exactly our culture
says be respected now you get it and
that's why I'm running for president in
2020 for you can't handle me yet
he's Ben Gleib gonna be your vice
president vice president my Minister of
Affairs I think Trump is getting a peach
is he getting impeached Jaime you ever
see was like I don't even know what you
guys are talking about him I don't trust
the media worth shit anytime they say
something like I love maybe boy who
cried wolf
yeah every single thing you're like guys
you've just riled me up for nothing over
and over again I don't know what any of
the truth is all these people like what
about this person said this like I've
never even heard that guy what about the
steel dossier what about Ukraine I don't
know what about Joe Biden what about
when he did what about this week yeah
there's some fuckin shitty tweets we
already got that it's already on the
books no one's fighting that anymore -
stop it stop everything cancel everyone
oh shut up all you just shut up seem
quite mad I get so angry about it it's
such a fucking annoying place now the
Internet make sure you get the right
cigar out of that ashtray because I go
those are Mike Tyson weed oh really
there's fat boys right there that's Mike
Tyson weed joint damn yeah I smoked one
of those a long time ago today so hits
yesterday wasn't dude in the Simpson
podcast I didn't know what I was talking
about half the time
Virgil's cool oh he's great got to see
him the Troubadour a good place that's
my that was my line of like what is a
good rock club a big-sized rock club in
LA yeah apparently it seats like 500
people but it doesn't really cuz you're
all standing yeah you got to be up on
the top level - you can be there yeah I
love that place I suppose they're called
the fuck once there was less they were
great and there was their farewell show
they gave up they were done yeah but I'm
like that sucks so bad they were really
good really yeah I bought an album how
about a cement that couldn't get
anywhere you know how it it's like just
like stand up when you have a name
called fuck yeah I mean you went for it
there were Melo mousse
- huh fuck music with a music - fuck I
may be I doubt it's even on there it
could be but they're done do you like to
fuck to music it seems annoying the I
don't if it's still on it's like I
fucked the music but not like you know
the idea that quagmire E idea of like
putting something wrong - fuck - yeah
Sade I want butter silence mmm right
over here the sheets move
I like jackhammers set a pace and that
gives you a pace to go on like it's a
treble with one of those things for
piano yeah no I mean if you're gonna
listen to music while you're fuckin I
guess do it when I was young I think
though I think that was like a thing you
put on candles play some music thank you
lose your virginity - what what yeah
what song music I think mine was Mazzy
Star I don't know certain people like
they were great Tracy Chapman whatever
having a Tracy Chapman I know she got
enough car that was going too fast and
boom professional stand-up comedian they
had to make a decision tonight or living
died this way they were riding run in
their car speed so fast it felt I was
drunk
dude you gotta go to Egypt yeah you
would really like it I do want to do
that
who would like it how dangerous is it
over there not very at all but there's a
sense of danger for sure especially in
those touristy parts the problem is like
we talked about one of those Torcy
cities in Italy where it's like it's too
much you know I mean what's tourism is
taking over town too much it's like no
longer Venice okay yeah and you like
wanna be there but really what you want
to be is there 25 years ago
well Venice apparently they changed the
laws and allowed these gigantic cruise
ships to pull into Venice but while
we're there yeah a cruise ship hit a
dock and apparently there
two accidents in the last month and
they're trying to reevaluate but they're
addicted to the money of all these
tourists dude you ain't seen nothing
like it man
when we were there like it's kind of
calm and then all sudden a cruise ship
pulls up and then 20 minutes later
father of people just just ruining the
place ruining any vibe of the place
leave around one of those gondolas and
it's like a fucking traffic jam of
gondolas behind this mic this is not
what weird
this is not what anybody signed up for
is that one hitting oh my god is this
envelop and they're all like starting to
walk slowly another one a lot faster oh
my god guys come on the middle get out
of there okay no so what happens if they
just can't back up quick enough and all
these old people on a fucking ship or
trying to like do this ramming into the
fucking dark they're gonna crush that
boat oh Jesus Christ it's just nailing
that other bow my god is this just a
moron who doesn't know how to drive or
is there some sort of tactical brave too
much vermouth you got a little bit crazy
with the Chianti yeah hey move out of
the way already I want a glass of red
wine oh right why'd you just say that
you know you can you want it that would
be really great right now
awesome red wine nice no I'd like to
know I was on the border the Austrian
Italy border we hiked for on the border
for like six or eight days I've gone to
Italy the last four summers in a row
yeah it's fucking great oh so what I was
gonna tell you is the other places you
kind of go which is I go away you know
which is it has more Italian feel is
like the problem with Egypt is all those
places the stuff you want to see is in
the touristy spots cuz people are going
to like here I'll see him like if you
know the Colosseum is just surround ya
by people but if you go early enough to
the pyramids you're pretty good a couple
of hawkers will bother you but really
you're good yeah yeah I read this blog
tell me how to do it right up being
there first thing and you just have your
run of the place I think I'm gonna get
self tanner so I fit in smart smart
appropriate yeah you can wear a turban
how come you can do that how come you
can go full tan you can get to sit but
at a certain point in time you get to a
point where you're doing blackface yeah
you're doing blackface and we talked
about that when it's too much Brendan
Schaub had a bit weird
about that with the line what's the
color wheel bodybuilders by others they
do self tanner but then they leave their
face out now deliver fits out of the
self tanner yeah that looks strange
looks like a Photoshop fucking crazy so
their face is white and their body is
black
that's a Photoshop oh my god black face
but they hear not black body but you
used to have if they have chocolate body
they have chocolate body but they can't
have chocolate face I always thought
that black face was the thing when
you're doing like soft shoe and like you
have like around like sarah silverman
did yeah but like you're making fun of
the black face yes but like but like the
black face wasn't when you were little
and somebody would go full costume of
something like if they were going as the
Hulk they would go green everywhere you
can do and some people just go green
nose like why don't you commit right and
then if you're doing a mr. t you go
full-on
duty yeah you can be black while you
went for it but he'll challenge but that
back then that wasn't offensive so it
wasn't that was like not blackface that
was just black makeup right what
happened I think what's dummies find the
line they don't really know how to put
into play it's not like a dr. Cornel
West who says I'm very interesting it's
just some idiot on Twitter and they go
well I think that's like the thing that
they said yeah matter you they were
going after white girls wearing hoop
earrings yeah they were saying the white
girls wearing hoop earrings that hoop
earrings are black and latina which is
hilarious because no they're not they're
actually invented in Sumer the oldest
known hoop earrings were in Mesopotamia
you Alex they had they saw this article
on the bottom made they've made it in
somebody's dining hall of a college and
Scott got really mad because it's
Vietnamese and how you even make it you
doing her in a baguette with this and
somebody's like yeah a baguette you
think that's Vietnamese the baguette you
got it from fucking friends seventy
years ago you idiot when they were there
yeah I mean Italians stole spaghetti
yeah it's like whatever I enjoy your
shit I'm just gonna use it yeah that's
what I'm saying bro it's fucking good
food good music
yeah that's one of the good things about
America right we steal somebody on a
daily shows megaphone and Mia had this
thing and Burroughs and Berle and uh I
saw at a charity shop thrift store this
beautiful Asian design like Chinese
designed velvet shirt button-down shirt
with this beautiful like inlay and stuff
and I was wearing it and she
like well that might be you know kind of
cultural appropriation I'm like why it's
just pretty and I thought was pretty and
good-looking and she goes about intent
my guess so my intent was I think it's
good-looking so why you still talking
about it's like mom maybe and the Mai
Tai's we're talking four or five like
Chinese people walk by like Chinese
tourists and they're like stop like oh
hey and they pointed like yeah yeah we
like it and it was a gassy fine
yes stupid shut up everybody shut up
well you know they asked Japanese people
about what it was the name who was it
that would rest up like a Geisha mm-hmm
was it Katy Perry she got in trouble for
dressing up like a Geisha and people are
mad the Chinese people were very are the
Japanese people rather were very happy
this shows people showed the show the
respect for our culture and they enjoy
our culture if people dressed up like
Jews like Hasidic Jews I really put
myself in the place I'm like I I think
that would be hilarious and fun to for
make sure I don't think and I don't
think the city of Jews would give a fuck
one way or the other
right they might accidentally talk to
you now well what if you're doing an
activity that requires you to dress in a
traditional garb like in Thailand when
you have those fucking elephant pants on
every tourist backpacker do that yeah
yeah those are so you can ride elephants
yeah Myanmar they make you put on this
like makeup stuff so it stop you can get
burned oh look it's a sunscreen makeup
yeah yeah you're allowed to do that but
I mean it helps you you need your
operations in that more they don't they
think it's funny no I guess it's not one
answer they're really they're not really
concerned with that all these things by
the way these these like funny words
like that cultural appropriation and you
know dead naming Elmo those are a lot
the san francisco's exports to the world
you know is it off from San Francisco
they invent all those things and export
it but those are all things that like
only exist and get people angry in a in
an opulent society when you can afford
to be angry about tiny things like that
it's a sign of like we're all doing
great meanwhile that city is the most
overrun city in the country when it
comes to drug abuse and when it comes to
use folks yeah not like in the streets
yeah but you're doing you shooting up in
front of people's houses that's abuse
dude I see those people in the
work that bent-over tweakers bent-over
look like a fucking human question mark
and I know they look awful but I know
they're having a blast oh for sure it
just looks wrong they are fucking loving
they're in another place while they're
in that other place to just shit their
pants yeah when they come back it's any
problem but they're having a great time
they're not they're not in pain where do
you think all this social justice
outrage goes do you think it's it dies
off what people realize how ridiculous
it is and it becomes like bell-bottom
jeans did I think it's all caused by the
internet by these echo chambers you live
in yeah and these algorithms that should
want you being angry yeah I think it's
making everybody angry about it's the
same fervor as the blue dress gold dress
it's on one of these things now and it's
the same fervor as like this was too
dirty before it's like was it's too
race-related this is too misogynist
whatever it's just like people turn on
each other on a level of like why you
guys would sit next to each other at a
ball game and have a good time
everybody's pretty fucking nice to each
other most people most people want to
get that fucking Edward out of my way I
mean you just never see those people
anymore right so it's like are we just
looking for someone to attack so in the
Bible in the Torah there's this med rush
this is like fable of so got to choose
to choose this what they taught us in
yeshiva to choose the Jews it's unfair
to have us as a chosen people right it's
unfair to the other cultures so there's
this fable that says God tried every
other culture let them live their entire
existence and then they died out they
killed each other off never got to the
Messiah age and then died out so one
time he picked the Christians one time
he picked the Chinese one time he picked
the fucking Norwegians one time you pick
the Germans as his like this is my race
right and every time it didn't work out
and one time in one of these things and
they said maybe that's where the
dinosaurs are he gave them the world for
a while and it didn't work yeah but yeah
it's like yeah you guys are kind of
reaching you could just say whatever but
they're trying to explain it away
because I got no explanation for
dinosaurs but anyway well they said it
used to be where crops just grew and
animals were just abundant and you know
one had to toil and so the mankind would
toil and then it didn't have to
everything just grew
so they would think that maybe this
would be easier to be nicer
there's this guy who has his theory on
like since computers are gonna come up
we're not going to need like 40 hours of
work week anymore probably 20 and his
theory I forget his name is that with
those other 20 hours we'll read more
we'll do crazy things but I don't think
it is because in this fable of Judaism
when man didn't have the toil they just
went to war they just started murdering
each other
mmm because you need conflict so in
great times are wearing right now where
everybody's doing well an iPhone cost a
lot of money and almost nobody hat
doesn't have one right we're doing great
we're in an opulent society racism is
down to super low levels but you need
someone to attack so even when you're in
a bubble of LA or New York and almost
everybody's 95 percent on your side you
look I need to attack somebody because
everything's too easy so it's a sign of
how great we are I think that's accurate
I think that's definitely what's going
on and they don't there's not real
problems like go war real real like hard
hard crime and the violence in the
streets and so we're looking for things
to be upset at I also think there's a
lot of people that have access to their
phone whether at work and I think their
board is fuck and I think there's a
urology up and there's a lot of wasted
time if you were an employer and you're
paying someone to do stuff by the hour I
guarantee you most of their time spent
listening to podcasts watching YouTube
videos and talking shit on Twitter
getting what's making an angry angry
it's all those things used to be so good
do that July I was off computer
completely didn't do anything had a
house phone no texting no nothing didn't
look at a computer how'd you feel if
help I mean obviously it was like harder
I had to write down all my flights and
stuff ahead of time so you can take care
of it you know I felt really free I
bored as shit you know I would do that
shaving my head cuz I was just bored a
weekend but like really free of it all
I'm just kind of like smiley and happy
and everyone I just wasn't seeing the
negativity wasn't like right coming in
but now I'm using it and I feel it
coming back why don't you just avoid
reading comments I mean is it as
possible it's tough in the board moments
of life right where I'm sitting on the
toilet or whatever like the ideas board
moment things can't just read stuff
right that's right there and I have five
minutes to fill these are checking out
social media yeah something like that or
let's get Google news feeds I just start
reading our articles - that's most of
what I do with my phone read articles
read articles and watch videos and the
videos that I'm watching they're almost
always videos on like science or space
well there's that - where I'm looking at
espn.com or something like that but it
just feels like wasted time sometimes
it's wasted time sometimes it is
sometimes it but you but I've also
decided to take shits without my phone
sometimes and then I sit there I'm
thinking and you think so the sauna you
go to the sauna the steam room right and
it's just like boom boom boom and then
you realize like why am I not entering
into that more where my brain is going
boom boom boom that's why the tank is
amazing you need to use the tank you use
a sensory deprivation tank you can't
bring anything in there you're fucking
floating in water so nothing in the area
you're telling me I could yeah exactly
and you're thinking and it's just
explodes so that's what I was getting a
lot more of yeah and I started getting
bored I started looking at my act a lot
more and writing everything out like how
many personal bits or a veneer how many
like historical bits and how many
everything really looking at because
you're bored just pour yourself into it
right instead of this wasted hours yeah
well I know you didn't doing that and I
go to people's feed and see them
constantly arguing with people I don't
engage in that anymore
yeah I'm engaged and engaged in any of
it zero zero arguing with people on
Twitter zero arguing people on Instagram
I post things and I get the fuck out of
what is this program that lets you like
shut off after an hour I love that it's
like a thing that you use for you kids
you can but you could use it for
yourself - its screen time and someone
else will put built into your phone so
you can't snooze it out you're like done
no it's done that's great yeah that's
great cuz even when you're not using it
by there you're like I don't want to
later some messages and you can still
make that cell phone that's that's what
you need and you have access to your
camera if you need to enter in social
media if you got to put stuff up and
then like get right out yes yeah but
just don't read it ID so hard though
that's so weird
I know it's just pull such a weird poll
right yeah and then you want to read
these like even these anti comedy or pro
comedy stuff it's like it gets me riled
up and I want to get in there and read
it and you realize it's almost nobody in
real life talking about it so he's
getting riled up over nothing but it is
funny to read like Vox articles like
well yeah it is funny how a dick is
leave
long they get stand up oh you're like
that's not even the way it works yeah
yeah
I was I was listening to this video
where they were criticizing a right-wing
comedian they were talking about it
mmm saying yeah fucking gay gays funny
right black people black people that's
fucking funny seen black people no one
says that no one sees caricatures of of
conservative people and of other people
that have different perspectives all
you're doing is making people not like
you and pushing people in the other way
you're not and you're not really making
your point you just say it's how we're
doing something is it's that old joke
that never liked when it's like all you
do is say something and like a lame way
and that's your proof of it being lame
yeah you know what's it yeah it's like
no that's not different voice on that
you're just weak just have a weird tired
way of expressing yourself yeah it's
fake so we're gonna do another podcast
any minute now I think they're here
we're gonna shut this one down we're
gonna shut this down Ari Shaffir it's
Chicago in November and San Jose I'll be
in Nashville in October and all through
Texas this week San Antonio whatever
don't Ari Shaffir Jew and just tweet Ari
he'll get back to you all the comments
are either great calm I think my podcast
is Kevin saying I have a double special
in them okay
see that so people can understand that's
a great idea is the skeptic time Ari
Shaffir is skeptic tank he's least
listenable guy when it comes he's a
professional orator that anybody it's
fun every week is a different topic we
cover a podcast you really have an
excellent projects listen all the time
above there's a ton of great episodes
and I know the State of the Union one
with Dave Smith is always AK I just came
out first video podcast we did it again
ah beautiful you should be putting video
yeah I might do a studio I can just turn
on ya might not make it easy producer
later z TZ beautiful alright we're gonna
be back with the official sober October
podcast with the other fucking losers
who are gonna tell us that we've done it
already by smoking cigars come see me in
Chicago November tickets at Ari Shaffir
calm or re the great calm yeah yeah
that's how I'll tell us we're cheating
fuck at five